parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is STRUCT, tos is , type is NONE, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is NONE, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_OPEN, tos is , type is NONE, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is QUALIFIER, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PTR_TYPE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is COMMA, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_CLOSE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is COLON, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_CLOSE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is COMMA, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_CLOSE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_CLOSE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is INV, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PAREN_CLOSE, tos is , type is PAREN_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_OPEN, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_CLOSE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is QUALIFIER, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is PTR_TYPE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is QUALIFIER, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is SEMICOLON, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is TYPE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is WORD, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is SEMICOLON, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is BRACE_CLOSE, tos is , type is BRACE_OPEN, TOS.stage is 
parse_cleanup(): orig_line is , type is SEMICOLON, tos is , type is NONE, TOS.stage is 
